Feature mail consume improve docs (#550)
paperless-ngx/paperless-ngx: docs/usage_overview.rst

    automatically or manually and tell paperless to move them to yet another folder
    after consumption. It's up to you.

.. note::

    When defining a mail rule with a folder, you may need to try different characters to
    define how the sub-folders are separated.  Common values include ".", "/" or "|", but

>     this varies by the mail server.  Unfortunately, this isn't a value we can determine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    this varies by the mail server.  Unfortunately, this isn't a value that can be determined
```
